In this case,
we have standard algebraic operators,
such as multiplication and
addition applied to an array.
The arithmetic operations are applied to
each elements of the array separately.
And we get a new array,
as a result, of a similar size.
In this case, if we take every
element of this array, and
we multiply it by 2 and add 1,
we get the resulting array here.
Please note that his will also apply
in the same way for vectors or for
higher dimensional arrays, such as
three-dimensional arrays and so on.
In this case, we have a matrix
multiplication operator.
The array y is interpreted as
a matrix and we have the matrix
y multiplied by itself using
matrix multiplication operation,
which is different from
element y's product.
For example, this element right here, of
the result, is the result of multiplying
the first row of y with the first column
of y, using the inner product operation.